At this point, we've already established the relationships between Migrants
IOM Operations Personnel, and Airlines Partners.
So where does MSS fit in?
As previously shown, Ops Personnel
use MiMOSA, the RMM Portal, and iGATOR.
As is the case, this is where the Systems Support Team
comes into the picture.
The systems support team manages all of IOM's user
accesses to these systems, and whenever there are access-related issues,
the system support team is able to provide assistance to resolve the issues.
The Systems Support Team also makes sure to keep the RMM Portal updated
so that all users will have access to the most updated information in the Portal.
We've previously explained that tickets are booked
from and issued by the Airlines Partners.
Now we'll see the financial aspect of this transaction.
While the Operations Personnel receives the ticket,
the Airlines Partner simultaneously sends
an Invoice to the Airlines Invoice Settlement team or AIS.
Once the invoice has been checked, verified, and processed,
payment for the Airline Services can proceed.
A more detailed look on the invoicing process will be done later in this presentation.
And lastly, when the Migrants have departed,
we already understand that the iGATOR Ticket Order Record,
must be updated to "USED".
This is where the Data Monitoring Section comes into the picture.
The Data Monitoring Section, or DMS,
monitors iGATOR to make sure that the Ticket Status
of TORs are updated on a timely manner.
DMS sends out reports and reminders to all Missions in case
there are TORs where the ticket status has not been updated accordingly.
We will also look into these reports in more detail, later in this presentation.
Here's an overview of what the process looks like.
Don't worry if this appears complicated
as we'll discuss the specific MSS processes in the next topics.